we are entering into our third
consecutive year of drought our water is
our water supply is being significantly
impinged the governor has had to turn
the tap off to a number of farmers who
will not be able to grow approximately
2.8 billion dollars worth of crops this
year that's not good that's not good for
the state that's not good for the people
that's not good for the markets because
ostensibly that means that less supply
price will go up we hope that doesn't
happen but it's very real the air
quality was so poor in Los Angeles and
the Los Angeles basin because when fire
happens the the particulates are so fine
they're about the diameter of a human
hair that we breathe they easily enter
our lungs and then easily enter our
bloodstream and people who have
respiratory problems have to remain
inside they can't exercise they have a
very difficult time to go outside to
even breathe Southern California has
approximately 300,000 homes that are on
the urban wildland interface and it is a
continuing problem of how to protect
those homeowners should homeowners be
allowed to build right into nature and
should taxpayers have to pay for the
fire services to come in to protect
those homes look at all these homes
homesteads even right behind us here
that are beautifully nestled and treed
but when fire does come in here we've
got a real situation because though
those gentlemen farmsteads as they were
will be taken right out the fire and its
intensity is is so high that the soil
particles actually repel the fall rain
and one when it does rain in our fall
though instead of going into the earth
being absorbed into the soil it's
actually being repelled and it comes
down the valley
and that's where we get these massive
soil erosion problems which then for the
community and homes at the bottom of the
valley they can be flooded and of course
that's the other problem when fire does
get in if it takes out the the the power
lines that's a real problem because not
only do we lose power but those are live
lines and that can actually start more
fire